Shabby iron sword
And I'm still practicing beginner kung fu
Prove that the sword is not only rusty
And it's full of disasters
Not even the most ordinary iron sword
And the swordsmanship he practiced did not have the slightest spiritual power fluctuation
It must be the counterattack swordsmanship hahahahaha
It seems that Tianzong has been mixed like garbage all these years
I can't even take out the corresponding accessories.
Very likely
Tianzong knows that he cannot pass the trial of our Xuanyingzong
So send a loser to die
Is it possible
Tomorrow I will be in front of everyone
Humiliate Tianzun well
I want them to know
Today's Tianzong can't reach me at all
Xuanyin connives
What's more, the Virgin and I grew up childhood sweethearts
He is destined to be my woman
No one can burn him half a cent
Master Shu's disciple Yu Duan is a disciple of Langchi
Dozens of appointments
There is still no way to appreciate the potential of the ground line
Although the wave ruler does not use spiritual power and ordinary swordsmanship is useless
But the ultimate swordsmanship
Not for profit, just for fast
Static braking
Salute quickly
This is swordsmanship. I'll just show it to you once.
You watch it
A thousand years have passed
The Vermilion Bird World has now come to an end
Reduced to decoration piled in the corner
But it's too late
It becomes a counterattack that no one cares about
Tomorrow
I want to bring this earth-level swordsmanship back to life